- Is it really you?
- Moroha.
I've missed you.
I've missed you so much.
MOROHA: Her scent,
it's so familiar.
I remember it
from a long time ago.
- Hey, Kagome!
I couldn't find anything
over that way.
- [gasps]
D-Dad?
- Hmm?
Moroha?!
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "Moroha and Family,
Together Again."
- Oh, come on. Why are you
getting so emotional about it?
- Well, why shouldn't I be?
It's Moroha!
- Hmm?
[sniffs]
I thought I smelled
Sesshomaru's scent around here,
and now I know why.
It's you two!
[both gasp]
- Sesshomaru's scent?
- Let me introduce my friends.
This is Towa and Setsuna.
- Say what?!
But then, that means...
- Huh?
- you two must be
Rin's twin daughters!
BOTH: We are.
- Rin is our mother.
That's correct.
- Well, you're much bigger
than I remember.
- Eh?
- [laughs]
I helped to deliver the two
of you when you were born.
- Really?
- You helped deliver us?
I never knew that.
- Still, there's
something else familiar here.
Wait a minute.
I've seen outfits
like yours before.
Where was it?
It's a Shoyo Middle School
uniform, isn't it?
- Yes, but I'm
not there anymore.
I've transferred
to St. Gabriel Academy.
- I see. You're obviously
very smart, then.
- Oh, I wouldn't say that.
- Wait, so how do you know
who I am, anyway?
Where exactly were you living
in the other world?
- Well, long story,
but basically
I ended up being found and
raised by the Higurashi family.
- What?!
You were raised by my family?!
- Yeah.
- Hey, Inuyasha!
Turns out Towa here's been
living in the other world!
- Hmm?
- Huh?
[both growling]
- What are you doing?!
What's going on over there?
- [growling]
- Inuyasha!
What wrong with you? Grow up!
Haven't you got anything at all
to say to your own daughter?!
- Uh, yeah.
I-I-I was just...
I was getting ready
to say something to her,
and I would have said it
if you gave me a chance!
- Same for you, Moroha.
I mean, you're finally
meeting your dad.
- Yeah, I know! I know!
Don't you think I know that?!
- Uh...
so, Moroha...
uh, how you been?
- Er...
oh, uh, fine, I guess.
Yeah. How about you, Dad?
[sighs]
They're father and daughter
all right.
Towa, give me a hand, will you?
- 'Course!
BOTH: Uh...
- Oh, stop being so bashful!
- Whoa!
- Uhh!
[both stammer]
[both gasp]
- [chuckles]
Look how grown up you are!
My little baby
isn't a baby anymore.
- Uh...
- I can tell you've gotten
strong, too, haven't you?
- [gasps]
[laughing]
- [sighs]
[grunts]
- Moroha...
your mother and I
talked about you every day
and about how, one day,
we'd see you again.
There was never a moment when
you weren't in our thoughts.
- What's going on?
I've never felt
like this before.
I feel so, so warm.
[crying]
- [sighs]
- [continues crying]
- [crying]
- [gasps]
- [shuddering]
[Moroha crying continues]
- [sighs]
[energy chiming]
- Lord Sesshomaru!
- Oh, dear!
Lord Sesshomaru,
are you all right?!
- What's happening, Jaken?
- This is even worse
than I feared.
That demon fireball
Kirinmaru released
is stealing
Lord Sesshomaru's Haku!
- His Haku?
- Our Haku is our life force.
It's what powers our bodies.
- There has to be some way
that we can save him!
- We might be able to save him
if we remove the demon energy
surrounding his body, but...
we haven't a chance,
no chance, none,
not without the Kyuyokon
or something of that kind.
[gasps] Wait!
I just remembered
Towa and her Zanseiken!
She might be able
to save Lord Sesshomaru!
- Then we need to find her
and bring her here right away.
- Sadly, I have absolutely
no idea where she is.
- None at all?
[gasps]
[no audible dialogue]
Lord Sesshomaru.
The Black Pearl?
- Of course!
Towa's inside the Black Pearl!
Then I can search for her
using the Staff of Two Heads!
- Let's go, Master Jaken!
- Right!
- KIRINMARU: Sesshomaru!
Are you there?
[both gasp]
- Answer me!
If you refuse to come out,
then I'm going to claim this
as a victory!
[Jaken groans]
He can claim it all he wants.
Doesn't make it true.
All the same,
we don't want Kirinmaru
finding him like this.
Jaken, Jaken!
- It doesn't matter.
If left untreated,
Sesshomaru will soon be dead.
I will have shown Akuru
that I'm the strongest,
especially once I've put an end
to those members
of the Dog-Demon Clan
who were sucked
into the Black Pearl.
Then I will be chosen
by the ages!
[water lapping]
- [snoring softly]
- [gasps] I don't believe it.
Is that really what mobile
phones look like these days?
- Yeah, but we
call them smartphones now.
- The one I used to have...
it folded up like this.
- Yeah, what we used to call
a flip phone, right?
- A "flip phone"?
Wait! Wait!
Towa, is that Sota?
Sota became a father?!
- He did.
That's Mama Moe next to him,
and Mei is the name
of their daughter.
When I was transported
to the other world,
they took me in.
I had been living
with them for 10 years.
- So that's what happened.
Oh, that wife and daughter
of his are adorable!
[gasps] Mom and Grandpa!
Ahh! And even Buyo!
Oh, I'm so glad.
Everyone's doing well.
[sighs] Thank goodness.
My, it's hard to believe
it's been 14 years since then.
[Moroha snoring]
KAGOME: She's grown so big.
Meanwhile,
the years seem to pass
in the blink of an eye
for us here in this pearl.
Oh! But look!
I've hardly aged at all
since I've been in here,
so no wrinkles.
Skin as smooth and soft as ever.
Amazing, isn't it?
- Uh...
- Yeah, I suppose
that's kind of amazing.
- 'Course it is.
Just wait 'til you're older.
- INUYASHA: Hmph.
- Huh?
- Seems to me you two
are awfully good-natured
for being
the daughters of Sesshomaru.
- [gasps]
- Huh?
- Well, I guess
they must take after Rin.
Speaking of whom,
how is your mother?
- Safe, I hope.
At least she's been freed
from Zero's curse.
- Still...
[music playing]
[both sigh]
- Hmm.
- Yeah, you know,
I'm not really buying it
that Sesshomaru
would let himself
get trounced
by Kirinmaru like that.
[both gasp]
- Trust me, it would take
a lot more than that
to get rid of my brother.
He's too damn stubborn.
- [both gasp]
- Inuyasha!
- Hah! Don't worry about him.
He's fine.
- Inuyasha...
sit, boy!
- [yelps]
BOTH: Uh...
- How can you
make light of it like that?
Towa and Setsuna are really
worried about their father.
Be a little more considerate,
will you?
- Okay. [groans]
- Anyway, we all
need to get out of here.
You say that
like it's an easy thing.
If we could
just get out of here,
we would have done it long ago.
- That's true.
- Inuyasha.
- Hmm?
- I'm curious.
How could you be so sure
she was really your daughter?
BOTH: Huh?
- Well, after all,
how long has it been
since you've seen Moroha?
A long time,
yet you knew it was her
the moment you met?
- Oh.
- Ah. Well, you see...
- [panting]
Moroha must be reuniting with
her parents right about now!
[yelps] Ow!
Ooh! Ow!
Ow, ow, ow!
Hey, I had the right of way!
Why don't you
watch where you're--
[shrieks]
K-K-Kirinmaru!
- Ah, the Black Pearl.
So that's where it went.
[chuckles]
- [shrieks]
[energy pulsing]
- Yes. It's definitely that way.
- Then let's hurry.
[flames crackling]
- Where are we?
KAGOME: The Lake
of the Staff of Two Heads.
- [gasps]
- I can see something there
- at the bottom of the lake.
- [gasps]
INUYASHA: They're the faces
of an old man and a woman
who are said to be linked
to the Staff of Two Heads.
TOWA: The Staff of Two Heads?
That's the staff that belongs
to that demon Jaken, right?
INUYASHA: You got it.
- Why this place?
Why have you brought us here?
- Moroha's life,
we've watched it unfold
on the lake's surface.
[both gasp]
- Inuyasha! Look!
- I see it!
[Moroha laughing]
- Is that...
- It's our daughter.
It's Moroha!
- But how?
- Jaken.
We think he was
the one who allowed us
these occasional glimpses
of how our daughter was doing.
BOTH: I see.
- What a bastard
that Sesshomaru is,
keeping us in here
all these years.
No offense, girls,
but the first thing I'm gonna do
when I get out of here
is clobber that dad of yours!
- We're sorry for what
our father did to you.
- [stammers]
- There's no need for you
to apologize, Setsuna.
Inuyasha! These girls
have done nothing wrong!
- [shudders]
Besides...
I'm sure he had his reasons.
- Hmph!
Well, meanwhile, we're no closer
to getting out of here
than we ever were!
KAGOME: Hmm.
- Oh, man.
If only we had the Tenseiga.
- The Tenseiga?
- [panting]
- [stamps foot]
- [shrieks]
- Hand it over, little one.
- I'll spare your life
if you give me the pearl.
- I'd really rather not,
actually.
- RIN: Don't give it to him!
- [gasps]
- He hasn't defeated
Lord Sesshomaru yet!
- Hmm?
- Oh, thank goodness!
Y-You don't mind
if I stand here, do you?
Well, well, if it
isn't Sesshomaru's wife.
- [whimpering]
- My duel with him is over,
and I've won.
In a few hours,
the last of his Haku
will have been drained away,
and he will die.
[Jaken growls]
- Well, if so...
I will fight you myself!
- To be unbridled
and free means
that you won't have to be
held back by anyone or anything
and that you'll
follow your spirit
wherever it leads you.
- Oh! Question, Master Shippo!
- Yes?
- What does the word
"unbridled" mean?
- It refers
to a horse running free
without reins
or saddle or rider.
I want you all
to go out in the world
and face life with
the same unbridled spirit.
STUDENTS: Yes, sir!
- And that concludes
my lecture for today.
Now, who is gonna go home
and practice on their own
so they're ready for the test?
- Me!
- I will!
- Bye!
- Thank you!
- Make sure
you give it your all.
Good grief.
Prepping all these students
for the Demon Promotion Exam
is exhausting.
[chimes tinkling]
- Huh?
- How are things going, Shippo?
- They're going well, Ms. Kyubi.
I'm sure those kids
will do just fine.
But forget them.
You leave me breathless
as always with your beauty.
- [laughs]
Transformations and flattery
will get you nowhere with me.
- No, I suppose not.
I haven't reverted
to this form for a while.
- Well, you wouldn't
have gotten many students
if you hadn't looked
like a wise old master.
- I studied for that exam
for a long, long time,
but once I got to the 19th rank,
I'm afraid I just hit a wall.
- Be that as it may,
I really can't thank you enough
for agreeing to fill in
for my husband as an instructor.
- Ah, no biggie.
I've got nothing but free time.
Don't give it a second thought.
- Oh, by the way, about those
people you were searching for,
Lord Inuyasha and Lady Kagome...
- What? Did you find them?
- No. At least, not yet.
But I have heard rumors.
Apparently their daughter
has been building
quite a reputation
for herself as a bounty hunter
and making a killing at it,
I gather.
- Inuyasha and Kagome's daughter
is a bounty hunter?!
- And making a killing at it,
I hear.
- No kidding? Really?
Okay, well, I'll believe that
when I see it for myself.
- Well, as it happens,
we'll be on break for a while.
- Right.
Take care of things here,
Ms. Kyubi.
Fox Magic!
Up, Up and Away!
This can transport me only
to places I have memories of.
A place where I have memories
of Inuyasha and Kagome...
That's the place I want!
Go! Go! Go!
[yelling]
- [yelling fades]
- [ding]
- Huh?!
You're saying you were actually
killed by Kirinmaru, Setsuna?!
- Yes.
- Yeah, but then I was able
to bring her back to life again
with the broken Tenseiga.
- With the broken Tenseiga?!
Are you for real?!
- [murmurs]
- Huh?
- She's for real.
- Uh...
- Good morning, Moroha.
- Towa used her demon power
to extend the blade
after Zero had broken it.
- Hmm. I'm still having trouble
even believing that Sesshomaru
would actually lend
the Tenseiga to anyone,
let alone that Towa
was able to use its powers
while it was broken.
- Dad, what is it?
- Hmm. Wait a minute.
[laughs]
I've got it!
Congratulate me,
'cause I just figured out
how we're gonna get out of here!
- [all gasp]
- How, Inuyasha?
- Listen up, Towa.
I need you
to summon the Tenseiga
and bring it to us here.
- What? Summon the Tenseiga?!
- I derive little joy
from fighting the weak.
- You may find out
I'm not as weak as you think.
- Enough, Your Ladyship.
I'm losing patience.
- Whatever your reasons are,
the day will never come
when I let you lay a finger
on either of my children!
- Then you leave me no choice.
Hmm?
[grunts]
[sighs]
Sesshomaru.
BOTH: Lord Sesshomaru!
[Shippo babbling]
- Huh?
- Wait, what's going on?
- Fox Magic!
Whoa! Whoa! Make it stop!
Make it stop! Make it stop!
BOTH: Mr. Shippo?
- Whoa! That's enough, already!
Stop spinning!
- I'm getting dizzy!
- Fox magic! [grunts]
- [yells] Hey!
Who said you could get on?!
- I see that you're able to use
some highly advanced fox magic.
That's great.
Then you can use it
to get us the hell out of here!
- What's going on?
Why do we wanna get out of here?
- Agh! Never mind!
- Just hurry up and go!
- ...all right, already!
Stop squeezing so hard,
will you?!
Fox Magic!
- [screaming]
- Up, Up and Away!
- [growls]
I knew you would come,
Sesshomaru,
but I'm not sure that was wise,
with your Haku nearly gone.
INUYASHA: That's the gate
between this world and the next.
If we have the Tenseiga,
we can get past the guardians
of the gate, Gozu and Mezu.
So come on! Let's get going!
- Where are we going?
- Isn't it obvious?
My dad's grave.
- SETSUNA: What's happening?
- Huh?
- [gasps]
- Sesshomaru!
KIRINMARU: Ah, I see.
You're summoning
the last of your strength
in order to protect
your wife and the others.
- Why all this?
Why are you so determined
to transcend the ages?
- [scoffs]
Since you're dying,
I might as well tell you.
Five hundred years from now,
the Grim Comet will appear
in this world once again.
That Grim Comet that you
and Inuyasha destroyed
while I was sleeping
was but a mere fragment.
This time, its size
will be beyond imagining.
And this time,
the true Grim Comet
will come crashing
to the Earth.
When it does, all
the inhabitants of this world
will be demon fodder,
and the human race
will become extinct.
- Become extinct?
- And I, Kirinmaru,
am the only one who can
prevent that from happening.
- Oh?
You want to save humanity,
do you?
- [scoffs] I'm not
so much interested in that.
But defeating the Grim Comet
will prove
that I am the strongest.
Demons will tremble
in fear of me,
and the humans
will worship me as a god.
- How do you know what will
happen so far in the future?
- After the Dog-Demon
of the West
severed my right arm,
it was tossed
into the Bone Eater's Well,
where it transcended time.
That arm is living
in human form in the Reiwa era
under the name Kirin Osamu,
and he has assured me
that the Grim Comet
will be falling very soon.
- My homeroom teacher's the...
right arm of Kirinmaru?
[Japanese music playing]
[music playing]
KAGOME: Towa, will you tell me
more about the other world?
TOWA: Oh, sure. Um--
KAGOME: What do you think
of this slouch-socks trend?
TOWA: "Slouch" what?
INUYASHA: This is no time
for idle chitchat!
We need the Tenseiga
to get us out of here!
Come on, Towa.
Summon the Tenseiga!
TOWA: Right! But, uh, how?
KAGOME AND INUYASHA:
Next time on Yashahime:
"The Three Princesses Escape!"
See you soon!